NBA Leaders Game Video Demo: https://youtu.be/Z4P3nOGptiI Description: This is a game in which the user is prompt to choose one of the three main statistics in basketball. After choosing one of the three, the user is then presented with two of the top 50 NBA players in that statistical category. The user then as to choose the player he thinks is higher ranked in that category, if the user is right, it will appear a message saying "Correct", if he is not, it will appear a message saying "Wrong". If, for some reason, the user inputs an invalid response the same question will be reprompt. This game as 10 rounds, after the 10 rounds the score will be printed in the console.

The project is compose by a main function and 3 other functions (val_stat, get_players(stat) and get_answer(player_1, player_2)).

In the val_stat function, the user input is validated to see if it is either "PTS" (for points), "AST" (for assists) or "REB" (for rebounds). If it is that value is returned, if not, a ValueError is returned instead.
In the get_players(stat) function, using request, the NBA.com site is scraped to get the top NBA players for the statistic chosen by the user. Then a dictionary is created with the top 50 players for that statistic. From that dictionary, two players are randomly selected, if they are different from each other they are returned, if not they are picked again until they are different.
In the get_answer(player_1, player_2) function the 2 players "STATs" returned from get_players(stat) are compared and if the player_1 "STAT" is bigger than the player_2 "STAT" the function will return "1", if the player_2 "STAT" is bigger than the player_1 "STAT" the function will return "2"
Finally in the main() function, the user will be prompt to choose one of the three main "STATs" (case insensitive) if the input is validated through val_stat() it will be stored in a the variable stat. If the input is not valid the user will be reprompt.
Then a loop of range 10 is initialized and the user will be prompt to choose between two players (generated by get_players(stat)) who has the biggest "STAT" by typing "1" (for player 1) or "2" (for player 2). If the user types anything else, the same question will be reprompt. After the user types "1" or "2" successfully the user response is then compared to the correct answer (obtained with get_answer(player_1, player_2)). If the user is correct, a message saying "Correct" will appear and the value of the variable score will increase by one. If the user is wrong, a message saying "Wrong" will appear and the value of the variable score will be maintained. After 10 rounds the score will be printed.
